feat(apple): Debug session replay masking (#12517)
getsentry/sentry-docs: docs/platforms/apple/guides/ios/session-replay/customredact.mdx

        .sentryReplayMask()
    }
    .background(.blue)
    .sentryReplayUnmask()
  }
```

## Debugging Session Replay masking

> To see how elements are being masked, enable the masking preview from anywhere in your app. It will display a semi-transparent overlay on top of the masked elements.
> This works on the simulator and on device, as well as within Xcode Preview.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To see how elements are being masked, enable the masking preview from anywhere in your app. It will display an overlay on top of the masked elements. This works on the simulator and on device, as well as within Xcode Preview.
```

Reviewer: since by default it's not semi-transparent 😅

        .sentryReplayMask()
    }
    .background(.blue)
    .sentryReplayUnmask()
  }
```

## Debugging Session Replay masking

> To see how elements are being masked, enable the masking preview. It will display a semi-transparent red overlay on top of the masked elements.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To see how elements are being masked, enable the masking preview. It will display a semi-transparent overlay on top of the masked elements.
```

        .sentryReplayMask()
    }
    .background(.blue)
    .sentryReplayUnmask()
  }
```

## Debugging Session Replay masking

To visualize which elements are being masked, you can enable a masking overlay, which will be displayed in a semi-transparent red overlay on top of the masked elements.

> This works for the simulator, device and Xcode Preview.

Reviewer 2: I mentioned that they should not accidentally include it in release builds. As there are multiple ways of doing it I mentioned the `#if DEBUG` check only as an example ("e.g.").

    .sentryReplayUnmask() 
  }
```

> ## Debugging session replay masking

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Debugging Session Replay masking
```

> To visualize which elements are being masked, you can enable a masking overlay.

Reviewer: `m`: I'm assuming this means that all masks (custom + built-in) are applied, and they're applied both in Xcode Preview and in the debug app running on simulator or device, correct? If not, we should point it out

Call the following method to display the red masking overlay on all masked views:

```swift

>   SentrySDK.replay.showMaskingOverlay()

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  SentrySDK.replay.showMaskPreview()
```

Reviewer 2: We should also mention `SentrySDK.replay.showMaskPreview(0.25)`

```

You can preview masking during the design phase of your SwiftUI views using the `sentryReplayPreviewMask` modifier. This helps ensure proper masking without affecting the final release build.

To avoid accidentally including it in production, apply the modifier only in your preview code:

```swift
struct ContentView_Previews: PreviewProvider {
  static var previews: some View {
    ContentView()
      .sentryReplayPreviewMask()
  }
}
```

> This approach allows you to fine-tune masking behavior while designing your UI, ensuring sensitive information is properly protected in production.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Reviewer: `m`: I'd remove this or merge this with the text above since it's almost the same content
